Registry docs (#189)
opentofu/registry-ui: frontend/docs/providers/docs.md

# Writing documentation for your provider

In order for your provider to show up in the OpenTofu Registry Search properly, you will need to write some documentation. Tools like [terraform-plugin-docs](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs) can help you by auto-generating much of the documentation based on your provider schema.

## Documentation structure

> You can place your documentation in the `docs` or `website/docs` folder in your repository. Please create the files in the following naming convention:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can place your documentation in the `docs` or `website/docs` folder in your repository. Please create the files using the following naming convention:
```

Reviewer 2: `website/docs` is the legacy format. I think we should not mention it.

```suggestion
You can place your documentation in the `docs` folder in your repository. Please create the files using the following naming convention:
```
